BCC Backgammon Game Instructions:

Building the Code (TEXTVIEW VERSION ONLY):
-	To build the game: 
	o	Run the Makefile entitled "game"
		-	To do this, type "make -f game" into the terminal
			o	To clean, type "make -f game clean" into the terminal
-	To run the game binary: 
	o	Type "./backgammon" into the terminal after game finishes building
-	To build the unit tests:
	o	Run the Makefile entitled "testing"
		-	To do this, type "make -f testing"
			o	To clean, type "make -f testing clean"
-	To run the unit tests binary:
	o	Type "./runner" into the terminal after testing finishes building
	
Running the Game (WITH VISUALS):
-	To build the game:
	o	Open the BackgammonVisual folder, unzip the Backgammon.zip file, and run the Backgammon.exe file

Usable Platforms:
-	Running the code from the project:
	o	Visual Studio, Windows 

-	Running the .exe:
	o	Windows

Interaction / How to Play Backgammon Instructions:
	o	When you first start the program, it will prompt you for player names and which color 
		you want to play as.
	o	After you enter these, the graphics window will pop up, and you will be able to interact 
		with it through the terminal. You will have to switch windows to the terminal and make sure
		not to click the visual window.
	o	The goal of Backgammon is to get all your pieces into your respective final capture slot. 
		For black, this is the top right, and for white, this is the bottom right. Black can only 
		move their pieces in a clockwise direction towards the top right, and white can only 
		move their pieces in a counterclockwise direction towards the bottom right. To move, 
		you roll two die (with one roll command) and use the amount on both the die to move 
		your pieces, either separately or combined (if you roll a 3 and a 2 as white, you can 
		move a piece from 13 to 15 and still have the 3 move, 13 to 16 and still have the 2 
		move, or 13 to 18 and use both rolls). (This is done through the "move" command)
	o	After rolling, you can see your possible moves by using the "possible" command followed
		by the number of the piece whose moves you want to see. 
	o	You must get all your pieces into the last quadrant of the board (the top right for black, 
		the bottom right for white) before you can start depositing your pieces into the capture 
		slot. Whoever can get all their pieces into their final captured slot first wins the game. 
		(Moving your pieces into the capture slot is done using the "bear" command)
	o	You cannot move one of your pieces onto any space where your opponent has two or 
		more pieces. However, if you land on a space where only one of your "opponent's" pieces
		is, you will capture that piece and put your piece in its place, sending it to the middle 
		zone of the board and forcing your opponent to use their next rolls to bring it back on 
		the board. 
		- 	To do this, they must use a roll that lets them move a piece from their 
			"opponent's" capture slot (so black would have to start at the bottom left and
			white at the bottom right) onto the board. If black rolls a 1 and the first space 
			outside of the white capture spot (spot 24) is open, they can enter that piece 
			back into the game and use their remaining rolls normally for that turn. 
			However, if they have no usable rolls, their turn is skipped and they are unable 
			to move their pieces that are on the board normally until their captured pieces 
			are returned to the board. (This is done through the "enter" command)
	o	The doubling cube can first be used by either player to propose a doubling of the points 
		given at the end of the game. Once it is used, the player who proposed it cannot use it 
		again until their opponent uses it. The doubling cube can also not be used if the player 
		has already rolled. If the opponent refuses to accept the proposal, they forfeit the game. 
	o	The instructions of how to use the game commands are on the game board in the visual 
		window.

IMPORTANT NOTES FOR VISUAL GAME:
-	Before entering your color in the terminal, make sure that you resize the terminal 
	to a suitable size, small enough to be able to see the visuals in the background.
-	When the visual window loads:
	o	DO NOT CLICK ON THE VISUAL WINDOW
	o	DO NOT CLICK ON THE TERMINAL WINDOW
	o	DO NOT DRAG TERMINAL WINDOW OR VISUAL WINDOW
	o	DO NOT RESIZE TERMINAL WINDOW OR VISUAL WINDOW
	o	That being said, you should be able to bring the command prompt in front of the visual window by
		switching to it as the current window (which is why you should resize it before the visual window pops up)

IMPORTANT NOTES FOR TESTS:
-	In order to run tests and/or build the tests binary, you must have the cxxtest-4.4 folder inside the main project
    	folder. This is kind of like what we did for ASGN5. If it is not in the main project folder, the tests will not run.
-   	The testing only works for the classes that are NOT in the Backgammon zip folder, so make sure that you are doing all 	 	 the testing before unzipping the Backgammon file.
